Create proper README (#32)
neptune-ai/neptune-client-scale: README.md

| `run_id`         | `str`            | -       | Identifier of the run. Must be unique within the project. Max length: 128 bytes. |
| `project`        | `str`, optional  | `None`  | Name of a project in the form `workspace-name/project-name`. If `None`, the value of the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable is used. |
| `api_token`      | `str`, optional  | `None`  | Your Neptune API token or a service account's API token. If `None`, the value of the `NEPTUNE_API_TOKEN` environment variable is used. To keep your token secure, don't place it in source code. Instead, save it as an environment variable. |
| `resume`         | `bool`, optional | `False` | If `False` (default), creates a new run. To continue an existing run, set to `True` and pass the ID of an existing run to the `run_id` argument. To fork a run, use `fork_run_id` and `fork_step` instead. |
| `mode`           | `"async"` or `"disabled"` | `"async"` | Mode of operation. If set to `"disabled"`, the run doesn't log any metadata. |

> | `experiment_name`  | `str`, optional  | `None` | Name of the experiment to associate the run with. Learn more about [experiments](https://docs-beta.neptune.ai/experiments) in the Neptune documentation. Max length: 730 bytes. |

Reviewer: I don't think it's worth to mention it. We've removed it in https://github.com/neptune-ai/neptune-client-scale/pull/25#discussion_r1741747923

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `experiment_name`  | `str`, optional  | `None` | Name of the experiment to associate the run with. Learn more about [experiments](https://docs-beta.neptune.ai/experiments) in the Neptune documentation. |
```

# Neptune Scale client

> [!NOTE]
> This package only works with the `3.0` version of neptune.ai called Neptune Scale, which is in beta.
>

> > It's supported on Linux and MacOS.

Reviewer: All as mentioned here: https://github.com/neptune-ai/neptune-client-scale/pull/15#discussion_r1742182055

**What is Neptune?**

Neptune is an experiment tracker. It enables researchers to monitor their model training, visualize and compare model metadata, and collaborate on AI/ML projects within a team.

**What's different about Neptune Scale?**

Neptune Scale is the next major version of Neptune. It's built on an entirely new architecture for ingesting and rendering data, with a focus on responsiveness and accuracy at scale.

Neptune Scale supports forked experiments, with built-in mechanics for retaining run ancestry. This way, you can focus on analyzing the latest runs, but also visualize the full history of your experiments.

## Installation

```bash
pip install neptune-scale
```

### Configure API token and project

Log in to your Neptune Scale workspace. Get your API token from your user menu.

> If you're a workspace admin, you can also set up a service account. This way, multiple people or machines can share the same API token.

Install the neptune-scale package:

```
pip install neptune-scale
```

> In the environment where neptune-scale is installed, set the following environment variables to the API token and project name obtained from the Neptune beta instance:

Reviewer: Maybe let's do not use "beta" phrasing. Just "Scale" is enough.

```
export NEPTUNE_API_TOKEN="h0dHBzOi8aHR0cHM.4kl0jvYh3Kb8...ifQ=="
```

```
export NEPTUNE_PROJECT="team-alpha/project-x"
```

You're ready to start using Neptune Scale.

## Example usage

```python
from neptune_scale import Run

run = Run(
    family="RunFamilyName",
    run_id="SomeUniqueRunIdentifier",
)

run.log_configs(
    data={"learning_rate": 0.001, "batch_size": 64}
)

# inside a training loop
for e in epoch:
    run.log_metrics(

>         data={"acc": 0.89, "loss": 0.17},

Reviewer: ⚠️ We have to provide `step` here (and increasing) as it won't work properly.

| `family`         | `str`            | -       | Identifies related runs. All runs of the same lineage must have the same `family` value. That is, forking is only possible within the same family. Max length: 128 bytes. |
| `run_id`         | `str`            | -       | Identifier of the run. Must be unique within the project. Max length: 128 bytes. |
| `project`        | `str`, optional  | `None`  | Name of a project in the form `workspace-name/project-name`. If `None`, the value of the `NEPTUNE_PROJECT` environment variable is used. |
| `api_token`      | `str`, optional  | `None`  | Your Neptune API token or a service account's API token. If `None`, the value of the `NEPTUNE_API_TOKEN` environment variable is used. To keep your token secure, don't place it in source code. Instead, save it as an environment variable. |
| `resume`         | `bool`, optional | `False` | If `False` (default), creates a new run. To continue an existing run, set to `True` and pass the ID of an existing run to the `run_id` argument. To fork a run, use `fork_run_id` and `fork_step` instead. |

> | `mode`           | `Literal`, `"async"` or `"disabled"` | `"async"` | Mode of operation. If set to `"disabled"`, the run doesn't log any metadata. |

Reviewer: No need to mention the `Literal` that's rather typing specific and we can use `enum` instead.

| `experiment_name`  | `str`, optional  | `None` | Name of the experiment to associate the run with. Learn more about [experiments](https://docs-beta.neptune.ai/experiments) in the Neptune documentation. |
| `creation_time`  | `datetime`, optional | `None` | Custom creation time of the run. |

> | `fork_run_id`    | `str`, optional  | `None` | If forking off an existing run, ID of the run to fork from. |

Reviewer: I think that `ID of the run to fork from` should be enough. You always have to fork from an existing run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fork_run_id`    | `str`, optional  | `None` | The ID of the run to fork from. |
```

> | `fork_step`      | `int`, optional  | `None` | If forking off an existing run, step number to fork from. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fork_step`      | `int`, optional  | `None` | The step number to fork from. |
```

from neptune_scale import Run

run = Run(...)

# logging and training code

run.close()
```

If using a context manager, Neptune automatically closes the run upon exiting the context:

```python
with Run(...) as run:
    ...

# run is closed at the end of the context
```

### `log_configs()`

Logs the specified metadata to a Neptune run.

You can log configurations or other single values. Pass the metadata as a dictionary `{key: value}` with

- `key`: path to where the metadata should be stored in the run.
- `value`: the piece of metadata to log.

For example, `{"parameters/learning_rate": 0.001}`. In the field path, each forward slash `/` nests the field under a namespace. Use namespaces to structure the metadata into meaningful categories.

__Parameters__

| Name          | Type                                               | Default | Description                                                               |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `timestamp`   | `datetime`, optional                               | `None`  | Time of logging the metadata. |

> | `data`      | `Dict[str, Union[float, bool, int, str, datetime, list, set]]`, optional  | `None` | Dictionary of configs or other values to log. Available types: float, integer, Boolean, string, and datetime. |

Reviewer: We should either remove the `list` and `set` or mention that StringSets are available:
```python
run.log_configs(
        data={"learning_rate": 0.001, "batch_size": 64, "test": ["1", "2", "3"]}
    )
```

__Parameters__

| Name          | Type                                               | Default | Description                                                               |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `step`        | `Union[float, int]`, optional                      | `None`  | Index of the log entry. Must be increasing. If not specified, the `log_metrics()` call increments the step starting from the highest already logged value. **Tip:** Using float rather than int values can be useful, for example, when logging substeps in a batch. |
| `timestamp`   | `datetime`, optional                               | `None`  | Time of logging the metadata. |
| `data`     | `Dict[str, float]`, optional                       | `None`  | Dictionary of metrics to log. Each metric value is associated with a step. To log multiple metrics at once, pass multiple key-value pairs. |

__Examples__

Create a run and log metrics:

```python
from neptune_scale import Run

with Run(...) as run:
    run.log_metrics(

>         data={"loss": 0.14, "acc": 0.78},

Reviewer: Let's provide the `step` value as well as it almost doesn't make sense to use this method without it.
